## The Hiring Problem ##
Consider following scenorio, suppose that you are wish to hiring a new office assitant that is best among n canidate, and you may interview one assistant per day. You want to committed to have the best assitant that you've seen so far, hence you deside to use a strategy that each time you interviewed a better canidate then the current assitant, you hire the best and fire previous best one.

##### Hire-Assitant(n)
best = 0
for i = 0..n
    interview i
    if i better than best
        best = i

Then, assume interview a person have cost c, and hire a new person have cost d. The total cost would be O(c*(n - p) + p * d).
This scenrio serve as model of a common computational problem, we often intended to find maxmimum or minimum among a linear list, and we are qureied to always maintaing a current winner, while replacing this winner often come with greater cost than inspecting a new element. 



### Probabilistic Analysis ###
In order to analysis an algorithm, we may use probabilisc analysis. In order to perform a probabilistic analysis, we must have knowledge or to make assumption, about the distribution of the input.

We must be very careful in deciding on the distributuib of input, for the hiring problem, we may assume that the canidate have **uniform random permutation**, which is that all possibility are equally likely, then we may concern on the general, average case instead on the best, bad case. However, for sorting a sequence of number, there is higher probability that the number is initially sorted, as it is common plus if ones have no idea about the distribution.

### Randomized Algorithm ###
Inorder to use probabilistic analysis, we may gain the control b=of distribution by enforced a random order. 

5.1-1
Assume this canidate valueing system is valid, then we should able to compare two arbitary canidates and determine which one is better than other, and there is one valid best canidate among all inrellvant to the sequence of inspecting. 
And this relationship should be transitive, that is if a > b, and b > c, then a > c. We can prove by contradiction, suppose a > b and b > c, however c > a, then by sequence a b c, we get best canidate c, and c b a, we get best canidate a, which violate our assumption. By knowing the relationship is transitive, we can then prove there must exist a chaining order that can be viewed as n0 < n1 < n2 ...nmax. We prove this by induction, supppse there exist a chaining relationship as n0 < n1 < n2 < nk, and we wish to insert nk + 1, we design algorithm as follow
u initially set as k
Insert (A, u, nk)
    Inspect u
    if u > nk
        insert (A, u - 1, nk)
    insert nk before u

Suppose nk > u, then nk > 0..u by the transitive property. 
Hence prove is complete.

5.1-2
Check address that current function is operating on, devide by 8 (To avoid allighment issue) amd modolo by 2. 